In this class we've covered an the approach to LinkedIn that freelancers
can use to promote their services and gain new clients.
Remember, as I've said throughout this class,
it starts with a clear idea of the service you
provide and to whom you provide that service to.
If you're not quite there yet when it comes to finding your niche,
feel free to revisit this class at a later date.
For those of you who have your niche in mind,
I want you to update your LinkedIn profile to become
a targeted profile for your particular niche as this classes' class project.
After you've updated your profile,
make sure to post your profile in the projects section of the class for feedback.
As always, if you need any help or guidance,
leave your comments in the discussion section below.
Best of luck with your journey on LinkedIn.
Thanks as always for watching and I hope to see you again on some of my other classes.